[Log] Agentless logging restrictions (#16046)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/csharp.md

It does not require modifying your application code, or installing additional dependencies into your application.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   <strong>Note:</strong> If you are using log4net or NLog, Agentless logging requires an appender (log4net) / logger (NLog) to be configured for Agentless logging to be enabled. In those cases, you can either add these extra dependencies, or use [agentless logging with our Serilog sink][21] instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> If you use log4net or NLog, an appender (log4net) or a logger (NLog) must be configured for Agentless logging to be enabled. In those cases, you can either add these extra dependencies, or use <a href="/logs/log_collection/csharp/?tab=log4net#agentless-logging-with-serilog-sink">agentless logging with the Serilog sink</a> instead.
```

[18]: /api/latest/logs/#send-logs
[19]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/Serilog.Sinks.Datadog.Logs
[20]: /logs/log_configuration/attributes_naming_convention/#reserved-attributes

> [21]: /logs/log_collection/csharp/?tab=log4net#agentless-logging-with-serilog-sink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
